README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img align="center" width="100" src="assets/logo.png" />

  <h1 align="center">Github Readme Quotes</h1>
  <h3 align="center">Developer Quotes for your Github Readme.</h3>
</p>

<!-- Badges -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes/issues">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes?style=flat-square">
  </a>

  <a href="https://github.com/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes/pulls">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://twitter.com/piyushsthr" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: piyushsthr" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/piyushsthr.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

<!-- Links -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api" target="_blank">View Demo</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes/issues" target="_blank">Report Bug</a>
</p>

## Features ✨

- [Dynamic quotes in your GitHub README](#Usage)
- [Customize your own quote](#Custom)

## Usage ⚡️

Copy the markdown below and paste it in your Github Readme.

```md
[![Readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)
```

### Options

| Options | Default  | Available                                                                                   |
| ------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| type    | vertical | horizontal, vertical                                                                        |
| theme   | light    | dark, chartreuse-dark, radical, merko, gruvbox, tokyonight, algolia, monokai, dracula, nord |
| quote   | -        | Customize your quote                                                                        |
| author  | -        | The name of the quote's author                                                              |
| border  | false    | true, false                                                                                 |

## Installation and Development 🚀

To get started with developing this app locally, here are the steps:

Install the dependencies for the app using,

```sh
pnpm install
```

And then run the app using:

```sh
npx vercel dev
```

## Usage

### Vertical

> You don't need to add **?type=vertical** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vertical)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Horizontal

> You need to add **?type=horizontal** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Border

> You need to add **?border=true** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?border=true)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Light

> You don't need to add **?theme=light** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vertical)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Dark

> You need to add **?theme=dark** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=dark)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Catppuccin

> Variants:
>
> - Latte
> - Frappe
> - Macchiato
> - Mocha

> You need to add **?theme=catppuccin\_\<variant>** parameter. The current example is the Mocha variant, to use it add **?theme=catppuccin_mocha**.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=catppuccin)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Algolia

> You need to add **?theme=algolia** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=algolia)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Monokai

> You need to add **?theme=monokai** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=monokai)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Dracula

> You need to add **?theme=dracula** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=dracula)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Nord

> You need to add **?theme=nord** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=nord)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

## Custom

> You need to add **?quote=Your Quote** parameter.
> URL encode your quote.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?quote=My%20Quote)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

## Contributing 🤝

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes/issues).

## Special Thanks ❤

- Inspired from [AnuragHazra/github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats).
- [skolakoda/programming-quotes-api](https://github.com/skolakoda/programming-quotes-api) for Quotes API.
- And a huge shoutout to [Mini Ware](https://github.com/Mini-Ware) for his immense contribution to this project!

## Show your support 🌈

Be sure to drop a 🌟 if you like the project!

## Author 🤗

👤 **Piyush Suthar**

- Website: https://piyushsuthar.github.io
- Twitter: [@piyushsthr](https://twitter.com/piyushsthr)
- Github: [@PiyushSthr](https://github.com/PiyushSthr)
- LinkedIn: [@piyushsthr](https://linkedin.com/in/piyushsthr)

<div align="center">Made by Piyush with ❤ and TypeScript</div>

Commit message:

Added Cyber Security Quotes in README.md
I have created a similar project like yours, especially for cyber security quotes. I added the usage part in README.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img align="center" width="100" src="assets/logo.png" />

  <h1 align="center">Github Readme Quotes</h1>
  <h3 align="center">Developer Quotes for your Github Readme.</h3>
</p>

<!-- Badges -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes/issues">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes?style=flat-square">
  </a>

  <a href="https://github.com/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes/pulls">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://twitter.com/piyushsthr" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: piyushsthr" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/piyushsthr.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

<!-- Links -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api" target="_blank">View Demo</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes/issues" target="_blank">Report Bug</a>
</p>

## Features ✨

- [Dynamic quotes in your GitHub README](#Usage)
- [Customize your own quote](#Custom)

## Usage ⚡️

Copy the markdown below and paste it in your Github Readme.

```md
[![Readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)
```

Copy the markdown below and paste it in your Github Readme for Cyber Security Quotes.
```md
[![Readme Cyber Quotes](https://github-readme-cyber-quotes.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)](https://github.com/hackelite01/github-readme-cyber-quotes)
```

### Options

| Options | Default  | Available                                                                                   |
| ------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| type    | vertical | horizontal, vertical                                                                        |
| theme   | light    | dark, chartreuse-dark, radical, merko, gruvbox, tokyonight, algolia, monokai, dracula, nord |
| quote   | -        | Customize your quote                                                                        |
| author  | -        | The name of the quote's author                                                              |
| border  | false    | true, false                                                                                 |

## Installation and Development 🚀

To get started with developing this app locally, here are the steps:

Install the dependencies for the app using,

```sh
pnpm install
```

And then run the app using:

```sh
npx vercel dev
```

## Usage

### Vertical

> You don't need to add **?type=vertical** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vertical)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Horizontal

> You need to add **?type=horizontal** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Border

> You need to add **?border=true** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?border=true)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Light

> You don't need to add **?theme=light** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=vertical)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Dark

> You need to add **?theme=dark** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=dark)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Catppuccin

> Variants:
>
> - Latte
> - Frappe
> - Macchiato
> - Mocha

> You need to add **?theme=catppuccin\_\<variant>** parameter. The current example is the Mocha variant, to use it add **?theme=catppuccin_mocha**.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=catppuccin)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Algolia

> You need to add **?theme=algolia** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=algolia)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Monokai

> You need to add **?theme=monokai** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=monokai)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Dracula

> You need to add **?theme=dracula** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=dracula)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

### Nord

> You need to add **?theme=nord** parameter.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?theme=nord)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

## Custom

> You need to add **?quote=Your Quote** parameter.
> URL encode your quote.

[![readme Quotes](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?quote=My%20Quote)](https://github.com/piyushsuthar/github-readme-quotes)

## Contributing 🤝

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/PiyushSuthar/github-readme-quotes/issues).

## Special Thanks ❤

- Inspired from [AnuragHazra/github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats).
- [skolakoda/programming-quotes-api](https://github.com/skolakoda/programming-quotes-api) for Quotes API.
- And a huge shoutout to [Mini Ware](https://github.com/Mini-Ware) for his immense contribution to this project!

## Show your support 🌈

Be sure to drop a 🌟 if you like the project!

## Author 🤗

👤 **Piyush Suthar**

- Website: https://piyushsuthar.github.io
- Twitter: [@piyushsthr](https://twitter.com/piyushsthr)
- Github: [@PiyushSthr](https://github.com/PiyushSthr)
- LinkedIn: [@piyushsthr](https://linkedin.com/in/piyushsthr)

<div align="center">Made by Piyush with ❤ and TypeScript</div>
